END-USER SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS FOR WATERS WRDAC SOFTWARE

Waters grants you a nonexclusive and terminable license to (i) use the software
to perform internal information and data processing in connection with Waters
and other non-Waters instrumentation products for non-commercial purposes only
and (ii) distribute the software as part of the ProteoWizard Software version
2.1 for non-commercial purposes only. You may not incorporate the software into
a commercial application nor charge any fee for the software. The software is
protected by the copyright laws of the United States and international treaties.
You may not distribute, assign, rent, sublicense, “timeshare,” or transfer the
software. You may not publish the results of any benchmark tests on the
software. Any use of the software other than as expressly permitted by the
license grant is prohibited. Title and full ownership rights to the software
remain with Waters and with the manufacturers of any third-party software
included with the software. The software contains trade secrets of Waters and
any third-party manufacturers and in order to protect them, you may not copy,
modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise
reduce the software to a human-perceivable form, or create derivative works of
the software. You agree upon termination to discontinue the use of the software
and to destroy, or return to Waters, the software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE, REGARDING THE WRDAC, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE
WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
MERCHANTABILITY. Waters shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, special,
consequential or punitive damages of any kind arising out of or in connection
with the software. In the event that the foregoing disclaimers are not effective
under applicable law, Waters’ total liability under this Agreement shall not
exceed the normal commercial value of the software provided hereunder. The
parties acknowledge that such limited liability is a reasonable allocation of
the risks.

You agree to comply fully with all relevant export laws and regulations of the
United States ("Export Laws") to ensure that the software is (a) not exported
directly or indirectly in violation of Export Laws and (b) not intended to be
used for any purposes prohibited by the Export Laws. If you are a branch of the
United States government, you shall have "restricted rights" to use, duplicate,
or disclose the software as set forth in subdivision (c)(1)(ii) of Rights in
Technical Data and Computer Software Federal Acquisition Regulations Supplement
(DFARS) 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the Commercial Computer
Software-Restricted Rights at 48 CFR 52.227_19.