SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT (“License”) FOR RawFileReader

These License terms are an agreement between you and Thermo Finnigan LLC
("Licensor"). They apply to Licensor’s RawFileReader software program
(“Software”), which includes documentation and any media on which you received
it. These terms also apply to any updates or supplements for this Software,
unless other terms accompany those items, in which case those terms apply. If
you use this Software, you accept this License. If you do not accept this
License, you are prohibited from using this software.  If you comply with these
License terms, you have the rights set forth below.

1. Rights Granted:

1.1. You may install and use this Software on any of your computing devices.

1.2. You may distribute this Software to others, but only in combination with
other software components and/or programs that you provide and subject to the
distribution requirements and restrictions below. 

2.  Use Restrictions:

2.1. You may not decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, use reflection or
modify this Software.

3. Distribution Requirements:

If you distribute this Software to others, you agree to:

3.1. Indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Licensor from any claims, including
attorneys’ fees, related to the distribution or use of this Software;

3.2. Display the following text in your software’s “About” box: “RawFileReader
reading tool. Copyright © 2016 by Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. All rights
reserved.”;

3.3. Require your end users to agree to a license agreement that prohibits them
from redistributing this Software to others.

4.  Distribution Restrictions:

4.1. You may not use the Licensor’s trademarks in a way that suggests your
software components and/or programs are provided by or are endorsed by the
Licensor; and

4.2. You may not commercially exploit this Software or products that incorporate
this Software without the prior written consent of Licensor. Commercial
exploitation includes, but is not limited to, charging a purchase price, license
fee, maintenance fee, or subscription fee; or licensing, transferring or
redistributing the Software in exchange for consideration of any kind.

4.3. Your rights to this Software do not include any license, right, power or
authority to subject this Software in whole or in part to any of the terms of an
Excluded License. "Excluded License" means any license that requires as a
condition of use, modification and/or distribution of software subject to the
Excluded License, that such software or other software combined and/or
distributed with such software be (a) disclosed or distributed in source code
form; or (b) licensed for the purpose of making derivative works.  Without
limiting the foregoing obligation, you are specifically prohibited from
distributing this Software with any software that is subject to the General
Public License (GPL) or similar license in a manner that would create a combined
work.

5.  Additional Terms Applicable to Software:

5.1. This Software is licensed, not sold. This License only gives you some
rights to use this Software; the Licensor reserves all other rights. Unless
applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use this
Software only as expressly permitted in this License.

5.2. Licensor has no obligation to fix, update, supplement or support this
Software.

5.3. This Software is not designed, manufactured or intended for any use
requiring fail-safe performance in which the failure of this Software could lead
to death, serious personal injury or severe physical and environmental damage
(“High Risk Activities”), such as the operation of aircraft, medical or nuclear
facilities. You agree not to use, or license the use of, this Software in
connection with any High Risk Activities.

5.4. Your rights under this License terminate automatically if you breach this
License in any way. Termination of this License will not affect any of your
obligations or liabilities arising prior to termination. The following sections
of this License shall survive termination: 2.1, 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 4.1, 4.2, 4.3,
5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.5, 5.6, 5.7, 5.8, and 5.9.

5.5. This Software is subject to United States export laws and regulations. You
agree to comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations
that apply to this Software. These laws include restrictions on destinations,
end users and end use.

5.6. This License shall be construed and controlled by the laws of the State of
California, U.S.A., without regard to conflicts of law. You consent to the
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts situated in the State of California
in any action arising under this License. The application of the U.N. Convention
on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods to this License is hereby
expressly excluded. If any provision of this License shall be deemed
unenforceable or contrary to law, the rest of this License shall remain in full
effect and interpreted in an enforceable manner that most nearly captures the
intent of the original language.

5.7. THIS SOFTWARE IS LICENSED "AS IS". YOU BEAR ALL RISKS OF USING IT. LICENSOR
GIVES NO AND DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR
GUARANTEES.  YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL CONSUMER RIGHTS UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS WHICH
THIS LICENSE CANNOT CHANGE. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS,
LICENSOR EXCLUDES THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

5.8. LICENSOR’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR DIRECT DAMAGES ARISING UNDER THIS
LICENSE IS LIMITED TO U.S. $1.00. YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES,
INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES,
EVEN IF LICENSOR IS EXPRESSLY MADE AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF OR IS
NEGLIGENT. THIS LIMITATION APPLIES TO ANYTHING RELATED TO THIS SOFTWARE,
SERVICES, CONTENT (INCLUDING CODE) ON THIRD PARTY INTERNET SITES, OR THIRD PARTY
PROGRAMS, AND CLAIMS FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, GUARANTEE  OR
CONDITION, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHER TORT TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW.

5.9. Use, duplication or disclosure of this Software by the U.S. Government is
subject to the restricted rights applicable to commercial computer software
(under FAR 52.227019 and DFARS 252.227-7013 or parallel regulations). The
manufacturer for this purpose is Thermo Finnigan LLC, 355 River Oaks Parkway,
San Jose, California 95134, U.S.A.



